1. When My Teacher Scolded Me
Scolding is something common in student life. Being a naughty boy, I am always scolded by my parents. But one day I was severely scolded by my English teacher. She infect teaches well. But that day, I could not resist the temptation that an adventure of Nancy Drew offered. While she was teaching, I was completely engrossed in reading that book. Nancy Drew was caught in the trap laid by some smugglers and it was then when I felt a light tap on my bent head. The teacher had caught me red handed. She scolded me then and there and insulted me in front of the whole class. I was embarrassed. My cheeks burned being guilty conscious. When the class was over, I went to the teacher to apologize. When she saw that I had realized my mistake, she cooled down and then told me in a very kind manner how disheartening it was when she found any student not paying attention. I was genuinely sorry and promised to myself never to commit such a mistake again.
2. The Saddest Day of My Life
Days are not of equal value in one’s life. Some bring happiness while others bring sadness. Sadness and happiness both are equally important to man’s life, since they are the two sides of a coin. As we cannot forget the happiest day, we are unable to forget the saddest day of our life too. The saddest day of my life was the Diwali Day. Diwali is considered to be a happy festival and till last Diwali, it was my favorite festival. On last Diwali, my sister, my brother and I were busy lighting the fireworks. I was holding a ‘fuljhari’ in my hand and unfortunately my younger brother, who was standing just beside me, had a cracker in his hand. This cracker caught fire and a very loud explosion was heard which shook my sister and me. After that, we all could think of nothing else than blood stained cotton, bandage, dettol etc. My cousin took my brother to the doctor where he got 14 stitches in his forefinger and thumb. But at home, everybody kept cursing and blaming me for the mishap. That night, I could not sleep and I cried a lot. For next few days, I bore the burden of this blame for being responsible for this unfortunate incident. I felt deeply guilty conscious which I was able to overcome after a long time.
3. The Habit of Reading
Studying is the main source of knowledge. Books are indeed never failing friends of man. For a mature mind, reading is the greatest source of pleasure and solace to distressed minds. The study of good books ennobles us and broadens our outlook. Therefore, the habit of reading should be cultivated. A student should never confine himself to his schoolbooks only. He should not miss the pleasure locked in the classics, poetry, drama, history, philosophy etc. We can derive benefit from other’s experiences with the help of books. The various sufferings, endurance and joy described in books enable us to have a closer look at human life. They also inspire us to face the hardships of life courageously. Nowadays there are innumerable books and time is scarce. So we should read only the best and the greatest among them. With the help of books we shall be able to make our thinking mature and our life more meaningful and worthwhile.
4. A Visit to an Exhibition
Recently, an exhibition ‘Building A New India’ was held in the capital. It was organized by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India. The exhibition was set up in the Triveni Kala Sangam. The chief exhibits were photographs, novels, some sculptures by Indian modern artists presenting Indian cultural inheritance. First of all, I visited the general section of the exhibition where different charts and photographs depicting India’s development in various fields were set. Most impressive photographs among these were those showing India’s nuclear development. The second section dealt with India’s magnificent historical background. I was fascinated by the pictures of Mohanjodaro excavation. Then I saw the most beautiful and colorful section of the exhibition i.e. the cultural section. It consisted of paintings, sculptures, photographs etc. The Rajasthani and Gujarati paintings were very colourful and attractive. This exhibition, inaugurated by the Prime Minister, lasted for a week. It proved to be of great educational value. It brushed up my knowledge about India as my motherland. It enhanced my respect for my great country, India. I would very much appreciate if the Indian government organized some more such exhibitions.
5. My Favorite Teacher
A teacher is called builder of the nation. The profession of teaching needs men and women with qualities of head and heart. There are many teachers in our school and a large number of teachers among them are highly qualified. I have great respect for all of them. Yet I have a special liking for Miss Y. Miss Y is a woman of great principles. She is jewel among all the teachers. Almost all the students respect her. She teaches us English. She is quite at home in this subject. She takes keen interest in teaching students. Simple living and high thinking is her motto. She is a woman of sweet temper and is always ready to help in difficulties. She treats us like her own brothers and sisters. She is an ideal teacher. It is these qualities of head and heart that have endeared Miss Y to the students and teachers alike. She is an ideal teacher in real sense of the word. She is the real model to emulate. May she live as long as there is sweet fragrance in the flowers?
6. Master of Business Administration
The Master of Business Administration (MBA or M.B.A.) degree originated in the United States in the early 20th century when the country industrialized and companies sought scientific approaches to management. The core courses in an MBA program cover various areas of business such as accounting, applied statistics, business communication, business ethics, business law, finance, managerial economics, management, entrepreneurship, marketing and operations in a manner most relevant to management analysis and strategy. Most programs also include elective courses and concentrations for further study in a particular area, for example accounting, finance, and marketing. MBA programs in the United States typically require completing about sixty credits, nearly twice the number of credits typically required for degrees that cover some of the same material such as the Master of Economics, Master of Finance, Master of Accountancy, Master of Science in Marketing and Master of Science in Management, The MBA is a terminal degree and a professional degree. Accreditation bodies specifically for MBA programs ensure consistency and quality of education. Business schools in many countries offer programs tailored to full-time, part-time, executive (abridged coursework typically occurring on nights or weekends) and distance learning students, many with specialized concentrations.
7. Being human
Being human makes us susceptible to the onset of feelings. The role of these emotions varies. Some of them are useful while others may be harmful. The use of social media for self-expression has reached a point that it makes us feel we can say anything. This begins when we see people expressing anything and everything that come to mind. When we see everyone else voicing their likes and dislikes, their irritations and desires we tend to imitate what they do. And because many engage in this, we think that it is normal and healthy. However, when we get used to unbridled self-expression, we come to believe that all feelings are valid. We become convinced that in real life, we should also act on our emotions and our impulses. Using social media this way erodes our ability to regulate our actions and reactions. To illustrate, when something small irritates us we think that it’s okay to feel this way. But isn’t it better to foster one’s patience and resilience instead of immediately complaining? Or when we develop an attraction to someone despite that person being in a relationship, and because social media has conditioned us that all feelings can be expressed, we tend to think that acting on this attraction is okay. Not all feelings deserve expression. We find ourselves creating our own problems when we let our present emotions control our actions.
8. competitive typing websites
The recent emergence of several competitive typing websites has allowed several fast typists on computer keyboards to emerge along with new records, though these are unverifiable for the most part. Two of the most notable online records that are considered genuine are 241.82 wpm on an English text on typingzone.com by Brazilian Guilherme Sandrini (equivalent to 290.184 wpm using the traditional definition for words per minute since this site defines a word as six characters rather than five) and 256 wpm (a record caught on video) on TypeRacer by American Sean Wrona, the inaugural Ultimate Typing Championship winner, which was considered the highest ever legitimate score ever set on the site, until Wrona claimed it has been surpassed. Both of these records are essentially sprint speeds on short text selections lasting much less than one minute and were achieved on the QWERTY keyboard. Wrona also maintained 174 wpm on a 50-minute test taken on hi-games.net, another online typing website to unofficially displace Blackburn as the fastest endurance typist, although disputes might still arise over differences in the difficulty of the texts as well as Wrona's use of a modern computer keyboard as opposed to the typewriter used by Blackburn.
9. Jobs for you
Trying to make a wise, good choice when thinking about what kinds of careers might be best for you is a hard thing to do. Your future may very well depend on the ways you go about finding the best job openings for you in the world of work. Some people will feel that there is one and only one job in the world for them. Hard thinking and a lot of hard work will help them find the one job that is best for them. Jobs are there for those with skills and a good work ethic. Many new young artists in the upper New England states are famous around the world as leaders in new American art. These fine artists are very good in their chosen fields and are willing to share their many talents by teaching others. The students have had the chance to learn and use skills in oil painting, sketching with chalk, sculpting, and weaving. Learning to typewrite is a skill that will help all of us in our work today. The development of the computer will open doors for people with the keyboarding skills and will make typing a necessity. Managers, as well as secretaries, will need skill at the keyboard to input data and process words. Therefore, good keyboarding skills may be important to you.
10. Translator
Because of the laboriousness of the translation process, since the 1940s efforts have been made, with varying degrees of success, to automate translation or to mechanically aid the human translator. More recently, the rise of the Internet has fostered a world-wide market for translation services and has facilitated "language localization". Ideally, the translator must know both languages, as well as the subject that is to be translated.
11. Word processor
Word processors evolved dramatically once they became software programs rather than dedicated machines. They can usefully be distinguished from text editors, the category of software they evolved from. Word processing added to the text editor the ability to control type style and size, to manage lines (word wrap), to format documents into pages, and to number pages. Functions now taken for granted were added incrementally, sometimes by purchase of independent providers of add-on programs. Spell checking, grammar checking and mail merge were some of the most popular add-ons for early word processors. Word processors are also capable of hyphenation, and the management and correct positioning of footnotes and endnotes. Later desktop publishing programs were specifically designed with elaborate pre-formatted layouts for publication, offering only limited options for changing the layout, while allowing users to import text that was written using a text editor or word processor, or type the text in themselves.
